Okay.
So let's score this problem and input is very simple is to be five so.
After going to be five.
I've taken the graft every year in put it already.
Now firstly before moving forward, what we'll do is we'll simply calculate d d x values by making one
as a rule.
Let's just go read the values because we calculate the F values.
I want the D values also, right?
And also to calculate distance between values you can see red which is near distance.
Parent We also want the g values.
Firstly, let's write a small DFS which will just calculate the values for all the notes.
Let me call it DFS G pull.
Which are and we all know it's very easy.
Or two eggs in.
So I just want you to forgive me for me speaking x.
Again and again x is nothing but the title.
Not always.
So just don't get confused ever.
It just.
It's just my habit.
I always say eggs instead of cherry because I pick X in the code.
So let's perform the DFS, DFS, G eight and X becomes the new.
North Korean becomes the new parent.
And let's take the records here.
And what is, dear reader, is nothing but your current is nothing but max of the current.
Bauman's legs.
Plus one.
Eight.
So this is nothing Embiid max of the current plus G explosion.
So this is very easy for the subtree over just getting the maximum value.
Where do we want to reach?
Eight.
So let's call this the office.
The offensive one Goma minus one initially on literary dissection, the office of which is the office
in which will be calculating the values, the final values that we want.
And initially, we start from the root.
Not only initially the period will be minus one, and the distance between value will be minus one.
So we all know that I have three things that are being parsed in this.
Let me just write the A physics node.
The parent node and the parent distance, not whether distance feeding.
Distance feeding.
Let me quickly.
It.
Is it?
It's a distance parent made initially for the road not I'm just passing it it's minus one because it
does not have a parent it.
Now let's move step by step.
The first step is very simple, which is this?
What f of Korean we can have this g of x plus one is the maximum values.
So let me quickly write that before auto x in.
Occurring because it took the office.
So I have to perform the DFS.
If X is not equal to patent and what we can do is if X is not equal to better and just performed to
the office, if it's if parent X becomes the new parent.
And the third value that we need to pass is the distant new distance between value added.
Because now this current node will become the parent.
So.
Let's initialize it, but I feel it later.
New distance parent value that is actually needed to be passed over to less one because this will tell
me what's the distance parent for the new node.
So I'll fill this later.
Later.
But right now, I'm just trying to make this one work.
So what is the X?
What is this f off current two f of current is nothing but maximum of whatever was there.
Former.
Dix.
Plus the.
It's whatever the value in the jigsaw that is being kept less, it will be the.
So for any nerd in the country.
And.
Or any note in the let's call it superdry naughty superdry that I'm calling Superdry is nothing but
a complement of.
Complement of subtree.
Well, that means the laboratory for that will just do the calculation and we'll see what happens before
that.
The calculation is very simple.
It is nothing but whatever is coming from the parent.
So what is the between instance where it is telling me that from the parent in the above superdry what
is the maximum length?
So that I can I can, you know, just update f current over here for that afternoon.
It is nothing but max off current gamma.
Um.
What is the distance parent +18.
So what is the distance from end it is coming from.
Well now the now the important part is just to formulate this new distance between regulate and this
is the most interesting part of this equation.
Right, that when the current node becomes the parent node, what is the new distance between that should
pass.
Right.
But all the so when I want the current node and when it is going to become the parent, not later,
I want the current or I want to bring in it's one of the child, right?
So of all the other child of the good ignored actually becomes the.
Nobody predict when all the other data will become the super.
As I already discussing this.
It's a hotchpotch.
No, although.
But.
It's still it's still, you know as.
When I moved onwards all these abbeys that all abbey invite will actually become the.
Hubert relate.
Or at least they were nothing but this.
So what I have to do is I have to take the maximum of the all the other channels.
But if I am performing, if it's only, I will take maximum value of.
I like max of GB for my current.
In this case it's got an eight and Devi and I loop plus one when I'm going to generate.
So basically when I run, I'm going to a particular China.
I want the maximum value of other countries, not the current rate.
The how can I find the maximum value of others or reason or the current one?
It is very simple.
I can, um.
What I can do is I can try to follow their lead again.
Like or auto buy in graph of current.
I can simply say why is an article to parent?
And by is not equal to x.
So in this case, we will see then what are the other nodes in this address?
And we'll just take the maximum value of their maximum value of their device now and we can make that
new distance variant and.
Updated I new distance reading guys.
It will be equal to distance between plus one.
We have seen this rate.
So let me in this laser with distance variant plus one initializing it with eight.
I've just initialized equidistant between one plus one.
And now the second bar that we need to handle is this maximum of GJ plus one.
So this is where the maximum of GJ position is happening.
So let me just.
New distance parent is maximum of each child and.
Yeah.
So let's just do this plus one parent later.
I'll do the plus one later because I'm already passing it as plus one.
Right.
So.
Yeah.
This plus one will be handily been embossing it with plus ones.
So this becomes near distance fitting.
So now this is a working solution and.
43.
The complexities high, Wheelock reminded Father.
But I just want you to understand what's happening.
So optimization is very easy.
We've already discussed that optimization because I just want to do maximum value so I can just keep
it to maximum value straight because.
You all know that.
So yeah, the for the complimentary what we have to do is we have to do nothing but which is our so
I've got in common distance between plus one rate.
This comes down this part is being handed over here.
Cool.
But so there are two things happening in this.
First, is this decorating made for whatever is of value in the subtree.
Just find it out.
And the second is this distance between think and to make the distance parent.
I'm using the distance when I'm getting and making the new distance between and passing it over here.
Right.
So let me build it once.
Let's see if there are any errors.
Yeah.
So I think I might.
Okay.
So.
I don't think anybody guesses regarding this because they debris trees.
But let me quickly take it to current parent.
I'm going to get off of this and I'm just doing it.
And in this case, we are moving over to the other values.
Okay.
The offensive look.
Sorry, this is this is wrong, mate.
So this is aggravating and current over here.
It.
Well, so let me just printed the values for now, and let's see if we're getting correct answers or
not.
Hopefully we'll get the correct answers.
I'm.
Yeah.
So what are the values that I'm getting?
I'm getting two, three, two, three, three.
Correct.
So we are getting two, three, two, two, three, three.
That is what we should get.
We just a slight mistake that we had over here.
And these are the correct values that I'm getting.
Right.
But no.
Okay, this let me raise this later.
But for now, what is the complexity of this solution?
So we are performing one day of this.
This is all in complexity.
The first one often.
What is the most complex area of the security office.
So it is not overlaid because whenever I'm performing a delivers into one of the notes, I have to go
over all the other.
Siblings did not date, but in this case it can be and squarely in the worst case.
Eight For example, it said there's only one.
Nord and all the other nodes, all the other and minus one notes are connected to it.
When I perform DFS in this, I have to get cleared max of all these values.
When I'm performing DFS in this, I have to get a grade max of this and this, and I will do it again
and again.
But we all know that if I'm moving towards one direction, that means if I take maximum two values,
that is max one for my max, two, if I just take max two values, then it becomes easy for me at eight.
If max, one will be equal to wherever I'm going.
That means that part already had the max value.
That means that the x was the maximum.
Then I'll pass max two because the max two will be the maximum of other values and for all the other
parts.
Max, one will be the maximum value.
Okay.
So what I mean is I can optimize this loop.
Let's optimize this.
It'll just come out if you want to understand distribution.
But before that, let's just optimize this.
But what we'll do is for any node will just keep for all its children.
What?
We will keep this max to values of eight.
The mixture, values, objects.
And we'll pass it right.
So let's say max one and insulating everything with minus ones.
Okay.
And now let's move for all its children, let's say.
I hope you understand.
Why am I giving mixed reviews?
Because this is important to keep the next two reviews.
And because what will happen?
When we have these max two values, I don't have to calculate the maximum of the other notes again and
again.
Yeah.
So if X is not equal to parent and I want to keep the max to illustrate.
So what were the cases that we discussed already?
That if your fix is greater than max one, then max two becomes max one and max one becomes.
Geophysics.
Correct.
And this was elusive.
We've all discussed this in the previous problem, which is greater than max to then.
Max two becomes in this way, this max one and max two.
These variables going maximum in max two, we will have the two maximum values of DCS for all the daily
nodes of our current eight.
And by using that, what I can do is I can just formulate my new distance feeding values rate.
What else is if the current node on which I'm going that means it's d x was equals to max one.
That means this was giving the maximum value.
Then I not introduce it.
So what is the new distance between?
It is nothing but.
Maxim.
Okay, let me give.
It is maximum off because we are voting maximum because we are also including this.
So yeah, so maximum of new distance period whatever was already there and max to correct.
Else if.
What is the excuse here ask is this simple same case that means now all know basically in which what
I am going or trying to go.
That is not the maximum value.
So in this case, I just I just take maximum to be the maximum for the new distance variant because
we are to find the maximum for all the other nodes except for the current.
And by by using this maximum extra logic to here the complexity of this loop is.
It is not nested, right?
It is.
It is actually parallel and not you know.
But it is in city and not in Berlin.
Basically, it is not nested inside.
So the complexity won't go in square.
This is nothing but just one iteration of what they are doing.
Silly stuff current.
And this is again one iteration where I just think silly stuff, but I'm just making this new distance
pair values and finally passing it.
Right now this coalition is over and let me quickly check if I have some errors.
Undeclared identified.
Okay.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Now, this function has the complexity of the other DFS, because now we are calculating the maximum
again and again.
Now we are just using the max two values to calculate max eight.
So this is a fairly enough working solution.
I know it might be a little confusing, but this was important for me to tell you because problems like
these can come the very simple case of rerouting of trees.
If you want to read more about it, you can take the graph algorithms.
Cause if you already have and if you don't have it, then you can do it on line in a rerouting of trees.
And.
Yeah.
So you must have understood.
What are the values that I'm calculating?
So this part was very easy.
A lot of reasons are three plus one.
But what about the second part?
The second part was stuff like how to calculate distance parent and four.
And when we move downwards in the DFS, how to maintain the correct value of distance parent.
How to formulate the new distance parent values better.
So this was our tricky part and.
Let's see in the next problem, Edwin.
And in the next problem, we'll discuss something very interesting.
Thank you.